Let's go ahead and relabel these two layers are cast shadow and our castle so-called Castle castle
and will color cast shadows cast shadows
.
So I just wanted to talk a little bit about real quick how to make the process of creating your artwork
faster.
So when we created our castle and our island you notice that we reused a lot of the same parts like
our cylinders were all the same cylinders and our finials were all the same.
Finials We reused both these two house type structures.
Same with our windows and our tectonic plates.
So that's a big way that you can create backgrounds a lot faster by reusing pieces and parts of other
parts of your background or even using different parts from other backgrounds in your game or animation
and reusing them in another background.